Déjà vu.
They say it's like a short
circuit in the brain.
Your sense of a moment
placed in your memory centre.
Makes you feel like you've
experienced all this before.
Do you know what
I'm talking about?
That feeling.
Have we been here before?
Do we already know one another?
You don't know me.
I know that
you feel out of place.
Detached.
Like your life isn't your own.
I know you wake every night
from a painful
dream you never had.
Jesus Christ!
You scared me.
What are you doing down here?
Isaac?
What are
you doing down here?
Are you okay sweetheart?
Let's get you back to bed.
Go back to sleep.
And how often
do these episodes occur?
About once or twice a month.
So.
before the move?
That's right.
Well sleepwalking's really quite
common in children of Isaac's age.
No. sorry.
This isn't sleepwalking.
This is different.
And it's just
the two of you at home?
Yes.
Does he
still see his father?
Not anymore.
And how did he react
when you told him
that you and your
husband were separating?
He didn't.
Isaac. would you
like to come and sit by Mummy?
Thank you.
And how are you feeling today?
Isaac?
Dr Bennett asked you a
question. sweetheart.
Isaac. do you remember waking up
last night and going downstairs?
And do you remember
why you did that?
Meredith was crying.
Sometimes Isaac imagines things.
People.
That's quite common. isn't
it? Imaginary friends.
Is that right.
Isaac? Is Meredith your friend?
She can't hear me.
She's been with
us since the move.
She's not the first
though. is she?
We've had. erm.
Barney. Stephanie.
we even had an Alejandro once.
How's he at school?
Fine. I mean. I... he does well.
No behavioural issues.
Is he always this placid?
He never cries.
He never laughs.
He never gets mad.
He's just...
Did you
say something. Isaac?
I'm not supposed to be here.
That's okay.
We're going to go to school just as
soon as we finished with Dr Bennett.
Oh. Ruby. please.
Ruby.
And there is an instance
of schizophrenia in the family?
Er. sorry?
Your mother.
Er. Dr Harper ruled
out schizophrenia.
And what
about your father?
Are there any issues on
that side of the family?
Not that I know of.
He died when I was young.
Brain aneurysm.
It's not schizophrenia.
It's not autism.
There is no easy answer
here. believe me.
You're actually
doctor number seven.
Lucky number seven. I hope.
I'll do what I can.
Luce?
No. I understand. Erm.
Thing is Karen. we're
overstretched as it is.
Yeah? What about Mark? When's the
last time he did a home visit?
Mark?
Mark doesn't use cash because he read
it's covered in vaginal bacteria.
He actually put that in writing.
I have got it in an email.
Bedwetting.
Yes.
The mum doesn't change her
sheets. so it's disgusting.
Was Rob with you?
No. of course not.
Rob should come
with you next time.
Bedwetting could be a sign of
abuse. we need to rule that out.
No. Luce. it's not about whether
the kid's being abused...
Yes. it is.
No. what I mean is...
This is the job. Karen.
Yeah?
He's here.
Mr Fisher. my name is Lucy
Stephens. You've already met Rob.
Yeah.
Rob and I have both
been working on your case.
As you know. he's made several
visits to your family home.
No.
You weren't aware of that?
No. Don't know nothing about it.
With respect. the situation's
been made quite clear.
What's this about?
'Cause I've got stuff to do.
We have several police reports
of violent incidents of assault.
Some historic.
You're currently on bail
for the most recent charge.
Yeah.
Chloe tells us that you
physically assaulted her
and that you threatened the
safety of your daughter.
Nah. She says that.
but it's not true.
I didn't do that.
- You didn't...
- I didn't threaten Tilly.
All right?
I wouldn't hurt her.
That's bollocks.
She's making that up.
But there was an
incident of assault...
Mr Fisher.
She pushed me. I pushed back.
Are you aware that
you're not permitted
to have any contact with
your family at this time?
Three days ago. you approached Chloe
outside your daughter's school.
- She was carrying your son in a...
- He's not mine.
Look. she's not taking her
away from me. all right?
That's my daughter.
I love her. I wouldn't
do nothing to hurt her.
I want to be very clear
with you. Mr Fisher.
If there are any
further incidents.
we're going to need to consider
child protection measures.
Do you understand?
Is that it?
This is very serious. Shane.
Yeah.
- If you approach your family...
- Yeah. I get it.
You all right. Luce?
Yeah.
It's always nice
to meet new people.
Victim's a
Mr Harold Slade.
Early fifties.
Stabbed three times.
- Weapon?
- No. not yet.
Where is he?
Upstairs office.
Wife came home and
found him around 4:00.
Home from where?
Book club. alibi's tight.
How's it looking up there?
Lot of spatter.
Let's get this over with.
Say again?
I said. next door were out.
front door was unlocked.
Killer picked his moment.
Probably knew the victim.
Knew his
schedule at least.
Wife said
he was well liked.
Volunteered at St John's.
ran the local rowing club.
Pillar of the community.
Is that right?
Yeah. I know. We found some
magazines in the drawer too.
Nothing illegal.
Little bit of rough.
you know. bondage. S&M.
Do you want to step out?
No.
They're putting
us up somewhere local.
Christ knows where.
Of course. we should be getting
pissed at the King's tonight.
Weird time of day for fireworks.
Are you alright. mate?
Sorry. I...
You know when you half
remember something?
It's supposed to get easier.
You know. the blood.
Most people find it hard to start
with. but they get used to it.
I'm not criticising.
I'm just saying.
you're the only DI I know who
still gets wobbly around the dead.
I'm not wobbly.
There's no shame in it.
Everybody's scared of something.
My Bella has an irrational fear
of cheese. believe it or not.
This isn't irrational.
Blood is death.
It's supposed to make
us uncomfortable.
You could argue it's
irrational not to fear it.
You could do. It
won't help you much.
Not when your job involves
staring at stab victims.
Are you gonna throw up?
I'm fine.
Why do this?
A grudge?
Bad debts?
- Botched burglary?
- No. no. no. I mean you.
Why do this job. given
your disposition?
Someone has to.
What do you
see when you look at me?
A murderer? A monster?
Why did you come here?
You said you wouldn't
talk to anyone else.
And you came.
- You didn't have to.
- Well. they want answers.
No. they don't.
They want evidence. confessions.
close the file. forget all about it.
Do you think I don't
want to forget this?
I know you do.
But you won't.
What time is it?
You still having the nightmares?
I told you not to sleep over.
You were talking in
your sleep.
Said something about fireworks.
- Fireworks?
- Uh-hmm.
Can I get you something?
No.
Let's go to sleep.
Okay.
Mike?
Hmm?
Will you hold me?
Yeah.
I know it's weird. but I
actually quite miss this time.
I miss waking up and
hugging you back to sleep.
Look. I want you gone
by the time he wakes up.
I don't want him thinking
you're back if you're not back.
Yeah. Sure.
Unless you
want to see him...
Mike?
Erm. I have a
really early meeting.
You're making me too hot.
All right.
I'm changing
my name back.
I thought it was about time.
Can we talk about that?
No.
Mum...
has Ellen been in today?
Who?
You know. Ellen.
Er. she gives you a hand
with things. doesn't she?
Has she been in?
She was in this morning.
Did she bring any
teabags. do you know?
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
Oh. she's
hidden them well.
Hey.
Hey!
It's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
Well. he'll eat the birds.
Fuck off!
There's nothing there.
Well. he comes and goes.
Nasty little bastard.
He's nasty.
Vicious cunt!
It's okay.
You're all right.
Ellen?
It's Lucy.
Lucy.
Well. I prefer Ellen.
Come on. I'll get you
a nice cup of tea.
So just to be clear.
you're saying it was parked
opposite the victim's house.
Two
weeks it sat there.
The council plastered
it with tickets.
I told them. it's no good
putting the ticket on the thing.
we want it towed.
The other day. I had to
park in the crescent.
I told them I shouldn't have
to do that. not with my knee.
I'm sorry to hear that Mr Bell.
What sort of car was it?
Red. A Nissan thing-a-mee.
It was scuffed to fuck.
Dents all over it.
Nissan thing-a-mee?
You didn't get the model?
Joan took a picture
of it. I'll ask her.
Joan?
She's fucking deaf.
Well. she's not proper deaf.
She needs a hearing aid but
of course she won't listen.
Well. she can't fucking
listen. can she?
Joan?
- I reckon she's outside.
- No. no. no. no.
You just stay there Mr Bell.
I'll go.
Vanette.
I'm sorry?
That's what it's called.
Nissan Vanette.
A red Nissan Vanette.
you're absolutely sure?
Yeah. it's a big chunky
thing with. er. bull bars.
Well. you don't see them
around much anymore. do you?
No. you don't.
Oi. mate.
out my way. you knobhead.
Well. none of us saw it happen.
He says it was an accident.
Then it was.
He doesn't lie.
Isaac's not in
trouble. Mrs Stephens.
Chambers. Stephens
was my married name.
Chambers. sorry.
I'll get reception to
update your details.
Well. I'll pay for the damage.
That's not really
the issue here.
One of those bags belonged to
a boy who was picking on Isaac.
What boy?
He's been disciplined.
We take bullying very seriously.
even if it is just
a bit of teasing.
Define teasing.
Name-calling. Silly things.
Still. he knows it was
wrong and he apologised.
Tell me his name.
Archie.
Archie?
What does Archie do to you?
Does he call you names?
Does it upset you?
Is that why you weed on his bag?
They
moved the toilets.
No. No sweetheart. they didn't.
Isaac knows full well
where the toilets are.
don't you. Isaac?
Come on.
- Say sorry.
- Sorry.
We'll pay for the bags.
Isaac.
What are you doing?
Go back to bed.
Isaac!
Go to bed.
Shut your eyes.
Isaac?
Oh.
Fuck.
Isaac?
I'm sorry darling.
Mummy's sorry she yelled at you.
Come here
and give me a cuddle.
Who's that man?
What's that darling?
What man?
What man. sweetheart?
He's gone now.
Mummy's going to
make you better.
I promise.
Go to sleep.
Chloe Fisher?
Yeah.
My name's Lucy Chambers. I'm
from children's services.
Can I come in?
As you know. we
spoke to your husband.
just to get his
side of the story.
Oh. thank you very much.
But just to be clear. has
there been any contact
since the incident at school?
He was here this morning.
What. here at the house?
He said he wanted to see Tilly.
Did you let him in?
No.
And what did he do then?
He got angry.
Shouting. swearing.
Saying he was...
he was gonna kill himself.
I told him. don't you say stuff
like that in front of Tilly.
I. I wasn't standing for it.
People was looking.
I said if he didn't go.
I'd call the police.
And did you?
Chloe?
Did you call the police?
Oh.
We made it very clear
that Shane was to have
no contact with
you or with Tilly.
If he's not adhering to that.
we're going to need to consider
child protection measures.
Now if he turns up here
again. I want you to...
Look. I
shoved him first.
Outside the school.
I. I started it.
Don't let him into this house.
Chloe. I want you to promise me.
Okay. we can find you
somewhere safe to stay.
We're not leaving.
Erm...
I'm going to give
you my mobile number.
So. if you are worried.
I want you to call me.
Day or night.
Doesn't matter.
I mean it. Chloe.
Day or night.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Bye Tilly.
Bye.
Hey...
Thanks.
Fuck's sake.
That's every
Nissan Vanette
still registered in the county.
I wish we were back in the city.
Honestly. I don't know
how they cope round here.
Come on.
I thought you youngsters
were supposed to be good
with computers.
I'm 35.
Really? You've got a young face.
I like your screensaver
- Jonah Taylor's teddy bear.
- Yeah. I know.
We all remember little Horton.
The day they found him was
the beginning of the end.
Hobson.
Bear's name was Hobson.
Yeah. Hobson. right.
This is all a bit before
your time. isn't it?
I read her blog. Miranda Taylor.
She still updates it. even now.
Well. I never met her.
I know a lot of
people who did though.
Not a very pleasant
woman. by all accounts.
She lost her son. how
pleasant would you be?
Yeah. but she didn't have
to blame us. did she?
All that rubbish about hiding
evidence from the press.
It was our fault
we never found him.
- I mean. come on.
- Maybe it is.
Listen mate. this case
destroyed three careers.
Good people.
That kid was never
gonna be found.
and that. that was a dead end.
Yes. it was. That's the point.
No through traffic.
No access to town.
That road there
led to five houses.
and this car didn't
belong to any of them.
One hour later. our
mystery car shows up again.
just off the M3. where
they found the bear.
Now tell me Nick.
is that or is that not
a red Nissan Vanette?
Yeah. I'm sorry if we
seem to be going over old ground.
but. erm. I wanted to verify
some of Dr Harper's
observations for myself.
and to be honest with you.
these notes don't make a
great deal of sense to me.
Isaac doesn't make a great deal
of sense to anyone.
And the incident at school?
Oh. that's never
happened before.
He is not vindictive.
not like that.
Any other changes in behaviour?
Oh. how is. erm. the insomnia?
More frequent. I suppose.
He was walking around
again last night.
And that was
before you. you went to bed?
No. I woke up.
I always wake up.
never sleep through.
What sort of time was this?
3:33.
Always
about that time?
- Half three?
- No.
It... sorry. no.
it's not. It's...
I know it's strange.
it's not half three.
It's 3:33.
No. it's the same
every single night.
I wake up. I open my eyes.
I look at the time
and it is 3:33 am.
Not 3:32. Not 3:34.
You must have a
very unique circadian rhythm.
Have you tried
varying your bedtime?
Ooh... I've
tried everything.
Trust me.
I've had this my
whole life. Erm...
Is there a chance that
this could be genetic?
Have you ever
suffered from hallucinations
or mood swings?
I... I get déjà vu sometimes.
But it's not. it's...
it's not... it's not real.
I mean. it's not a memory.
It's like I'm misremembering.
Oh God. I
sound crazy.
No. you don't. trust
me. I've heard crazy.
Lucy. if you need to
speak with someone...
No. No. I... no. sorry.
I shouldn't have said anything.
Erm. I'm fine.
Just help Isaac.
Please. I'm not
worried about myself.
Well. you don't
seem worried Lucy.
You seem afraid.
I looked it up. 3:33.
Do you know what they call it?
What?
Isaac. it's time
to go home sweetheart.
Sorry.
Isaac?
Thank you so much
for coming in to see me today.
Will you come again?
I've got you in next
Tuesday at the same time.
Great. Come on.
Self-care isn't selfish. Lucy.
Remember that.
Say goodbye. Isaac.
Goodbye.
The devil's hour.
They call it the devil's hour.
Mummy needs to work when we
get home. so no dinner tonight.
You're okay with that. right?
Or. now promise me you
won't get too excited.
because I know what you're
like. but. um. how about...
See. this is what
I'm talking about.
you've gone and got yourself
overexcited. and you need to calm down.
Isaac. did you just...
Did you just smile at me?
Look out. pumpkin.
Merry. go inside and help Mum.
She just ran in
front of the car.
What?
Your daughter just
ran into the road.
Oi. is that true?
Did you run in front
of this lady's car?
What have I told
you? Look at me.
What did we say about the road?
- It's not for playing.
There's cars going up and down. What
happens if you get hit by a car?
- I go splat.
- You go splat.
Now you need to apologise
to this lady. don't you?
- I'm sorry.
- Right. Meredith Warren. inside.
Meredith. in.
Meredith?
That's a nice name.
Mummy?
I had a bad dream.
Oh. so did I.
It's all right.
Mummy's here.
Mummy's here. Mummy's here.
Mummy's not going anywhere.
Bad dreams can't hurt us. Lucy.
Can't hurt us now.
There you
go. Nice cup of tea.
I want sugar.
It is sugared. I put
two sugars in there.
Ugh. can't taste it.
Um. would you like to play a
game? I could get the cards?
There's no cards.
She stole them.
Thinks I don't know.
Well. maybe I should look for
them. I'm sure we'll find them.
Well. it's all in
the wrong place.
Not supposed to be like this.
Hey!
It's...
It's supposed to be different.
It's okay Mum.
Look. how about a game of crib.
do you remember how to play?
We used to play
this by candlelight
when there were power
cuts. do you remember?
Mum?
Maybe another time.
Lucy.
You came to see me again.
Of course. I did.
I'm always here.
Oh.
I...
Are you real?
Yes. I'm real.
I can't get warm.
I'm cold.
Why is it always so cold?
Oh. shut up. shut up. Shut up!
Here.
Hold it.
Here you go.
Squeeze it.
It's real.
You're real.
There you go.
Lucy.
It's okay.
I'm not going anywhere.
It's going to be okay.
Not much
traffic up here.
There's a farm up on the hill. a couple
of houses at the end of the lane.
One of them's empty.
Registration's a
match. Council confirmed it.
How far away is this farm?
- About a mile. mile and a half?
- Okay.
Find out what they know.
We already
bagged some of it.
Old laptop. no hard drive.
mobile phone. no SIM.
long life UPS. and this.
Show the wonder kid.
Dhillon.
Dashboard cam.
Just had to park at the right angle.
he's got himself a 24-hour stream.
That's how he knew
Slade's routine.
Without getting too close.
So. he's a clever bastard.
Maybe not.
Oh.
He's been driving
on that for a while.
Could have
gone looking for help.
Or another vehicle.
Not many options round here.
Guess we go knocking
on some doors.
We can start with
whichever one this opens.
Find the cheapest
hotel in the area.
I doubt he's fussy.
Do you think he'll
go back there?
Not without the key.
but someone took his booking.
which means. someone's
seen his face.
- Mike.
- All right?
I was just. uh. passing by.
Yeah. it's not a good
time. I'm working.
What? It's 9:30.
And I'm working.
Okay.
- You okay?
- Mm-hm.
Just tired.
We could just talk?
I don't want to talk.
Okay.
I didn't say go.
That's it.
That's what?
Do we have sex because you love
me. or because you love sex?
Sorry.
Hello?
You said I
could call any time.
Chloe?
Okay.
Have you phoned the police?
- Chloe. open this fucking door!
- No. I...
I don't want to
get him in trouble.
Chloe. listen to me. you
need to call the police.
- It's not safe.
- He's been drinking.
Chloe. listen!
He's not normally this bad.
You are afraid of him. you would
not have called if you weren't.
Chloe?
I love you.
Open the door.
I'm being stupid.
- No. you're not. you're not. you're not.
- Sorry. I shouldn't have called.
Chloe. please.
Who was that?
Lucy?
Stay with Isaac.
What? Uh...
Hold on.
Just stay here.
He comes and goes.
Sometimes I don't
see him for months.
- How long has he been staying here?
- He don't stay.
Not often.
He's had the lodge
about nine. ten years.
That doesn't strike you as odd?
He pays cash.
A year in advance.
As far as I'm concerned. he
can stay as long as he wants.
Fair enough. And I assume
you asked for his name?
Asked for one. didn't get one.
Like I said. he pays cash.
Didn't look like he was
going to get a lot of post.
What did he look like?
Serious. Scruffy.
Maybe 50's. 60's.
But skinny. you know.
Grey hair.
Spoke with an accent.
- What sort of accent?
- Irish?
Scottish?
Same difference.
When was the last
time you saw him?
Two. three months ago.
I'd had to check.
And. uh...
Nah. that tapes over itself.
Can you show us his lodge?
If you can show me a warrant.
Please Mrs Jones. this
is very important.
My guests have the
right to privacy.
Not that you'd know much about
that. filming us all the time.
tracking our phone calls. watching
what we do on the internet.
Do a lot of nasty stuff on the
internet. do you Mrs Jones?
I'd like you to leave.
Now.
What breed of dog is that?
Well. he's all right.
That's just Spud.
I didn't ask his name.
I asked his breed.
- Looks like a pit bull terrier to me.
- So what?
It's a banned breed.
Sorry. I'm sure you know that.
As I'm sure you can provide
us a certificate of exemption.
Now. you can show us the room.
or we can sit and we can
talk about Spud a bit longer.
Maybe seize him under section 19 of
the police and criminal evidence act?
Your choice.
You okay. Dhillon?
I'm fine.
Probably best if
I go in first. eh?
Yeah.
Is there a key
for that padlock on here?
That's not supposed to be there.
Allow me.
You didn't know I
could do that. did you?
Do you feel it now?
The dissonance.
Like something
wasn't meant to be.
Something changed.
Changed from what?
This is today.
Dhillon.
Do you remember
this conversation?
How would I?
Well.
maybe you dreamt it?
Maybe it's in there somewhere.
Back of your mind.
Ladies and gents. can
we keep back please? Back.
Will you answer
a question for me?
It might sound strange.
What's the worst thing
you've ever experienced?
This.
All of this.
You.
I'm sorry Lucy.
I'm sorry but you've
suffered far worse than me.
You just don't know it yet.